gibberish
My father was obviously killed by the Suzaku God of War
How could it have anything to do with a trash like you?
Could it be that you want to say you are rubbish?
Among the 3,000 golden soldiers in the county government camp
You can't get up and down the mobile phone.
I guess you don't mean to say
Your crime is the god of Zhengbei, right?
My husband will naturally not be handsome
But how can God Shuai treat you evil people?
Unbearable behavior apathy
So what?
Will support my husband
I said, my princess.
You are so naive
God is a man, not a god
Do you think he might be
Save you so high with such a result
Abandoned his Qing soldiers
My father was a driver of the Zhengbei Army
How could I break the law?
Go
It's mostly you who are dirty and picky
Never should never
Get into the head and tail again and again
But now
It should be you who have no way out and no way out
Hahaha my good brother
You still point to the coffin and no tears?
Do you know the store manager?
I admit that you have some hard work on you
But your three-legged cat's kung fu
Nothing in front of a brain gun
Lao Tzu today
I'm going to beat all your limbs
Then let you look at yourself
One knife, one live beard shaved into a pile of meat slices
Hurry up and kneel down with my brother's change
Three knocks and nine prayers of apology
Then you give me a treat